README.md, before:

# 🏡 WanderLust

WanderLust is a full-stack web application that allows users to explore, search, and list vacation rentals from around the world. Built with Node.js, Express, MongoDB, and EJS, it includes features like authentication, reviews, image uploads, and map integration.

---

## 🌐 Live Demo

[👉 https://wanderlust-1-bppj.onrender.com/listings)  
*(Note: First load may take a few seconds on free hosting)*

---

## 🔑 Features

- User registration and login (authentication)
- Create, update, and delete rental listings (CRUD)
- Search rentals by title or location
- Upload listing images with Cloudinary
- Map integration using Leaflet + OpenStreetMap
- Leave reviews on listings
- Flash messages for errors and success
- Responsive UI using Bootstrap

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Backend:** Node.js, Express.js
- **Database:** MongoDB (via MongoDB Atlas)
- **Templating Engine:** EJS + EJS-Mate
- **Styling:** Bootstrap 5
- **Map API:** Leaflet.js + LocationIQ (or Mapbox)
- **Image Hosting:** Cloudinary
- **Authentication:** Passport.js
- **Validation:** Joi

---

## 🚀 Getting Started (Local Setup)

```bash

git clone https://github.com/pratikkenjale/wanderlust.git
cd WanderLust
nodemon app.js

Commit message:

Improve README
Updated links and added local setup instructions for the Wanderlust project.

README.md, after:

# 🏡 WanderLust

WanderLust is a full-stack web application that allows users to explore, search, and list vacation rentals from around the world. Built with Node.js, Express, MongoDB, and EJS, it includes features like authentication, reviews, image uploads, and map integration.

---

## 🌐 Live Demo

[👉 https://wanderlust-1-bppj.onrender.com/listings]  
  *(Note: First load may take a few seconds on free hosting)*

---

## 🔑 Features

- User registration and login (authentication)
- Create, update, and delete rental listings (CRUD)
- Search rentals by title or location
- Upload listing images with Cloudinary
- Map integration using Leaflet + OpenStreetMap
- Leave reviews on listings
- Flash messages for errors and success
- Responsive UI using Bootstrap

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Backend:** Node.js, Express.js
- **Database:** MongoDB (via MongoDB Atlas)
- **Templating Engine:** EJS + EJS-Mate
- **Styling:** Bootstrap 5
- **Map API:** Leaflet.js + LocationIQ (or Mapbox)
- **Image Hosting:** Cloudinary
- **Authentication:** Passport.js
- **Validation:** Joi

---

## 🚀 Getting Started (Local Setup)
Follow the steps below to run the Wanderlust project on your local machine.
1. Clone the Repository
   https://github.com/pratikKenjale/WanderLust

2. Open Project Directory (Open the project folder in **VS Code** and navigate to it using the terminal:)
   cd WanderLust

3. Install Dependencies
   npm install

4. Start the Server
   nodemon app.js

5. Open in Browser (Open your browser and visit:)
  http://localhost:8080/listings
